[Music]
again
no matter who you are adult-child
subterranean vault dwelling cyborg I can
teach you to be a great YouTube youtuber
you see the trick with this guy is he's
actually a robot symbian SID engaged
protocol seven stunning people can't
help but see me as a modern-day Nero did
you know what Nero did right acting is a
form of using your body to interact with
your audience I've never acted a day in
my life and yet if that's a dagger I see
before me oh my god
beautiful
[Applause]
[Music]
[__] out the hardest line to cross as
a youtuber is getting involved in some
kind of controversy that makes the news
causes your audience to form a cold hard
resentment towards you makes you out to
be an unquestionably irredeemable
monster but people still watch your
videos I once fabricated that I had sex
with my cat and people swarm to my
channel just to see me I didn't have sex
with my cow of course but they don't
know that seducing the camera is like
seducing the finest of men or women in
there into that so the unbuttons here
the zoom is is somewhere in this general
area and this this is wait what was no I
can do it if there's no camera filming
you just become some lunatic in your
parents basement screaming at the walls
when deciding what camera to buy it
remember you only minored in film in the
leak of your sex tape is luckier with a
small but lingering fear of being
recorded it's only so I can practice my
news honest
crafting equality complaint on Twitter
is one of the more subtle parts of a
youtubers job
you see audiences naturally feel quite
bad for us they work office jobs perform
hard labor contribute to society they
know the real challenge in life is
playing video games for a living and
that endeavor takes a very delicate but
precise hand so when they see a tweet
written by a millionaire complaining
about the DES monetization of a video
that is literally just them reacting to
a series of other videos made up
entirely of footage of music owned by
other licensing companies that they have
absolutely no connection to the audience
sympathizers demonetised but my Faberge
egg collection is almost complete when
editing you must first understand that
the computer is like a woman the monitor
her face the mouse her hands and the
microphone well I'll tell you that when
you're older oh god she's dead videos or
vlogs are a great choice that anyone who
wants to do simple editing jump cuts
become especially important here because
the very existence of vloggers
inherently displeases of the god of this
dimension carlos Pendergrass the third
so as soon as someone starts to talk
about their day while on camera they
begin to phase in and out of existence
fighting to exist it's not because we
can't be bothered to actually [__]
learn a script the great thing is if you
want to try your hand at editing Adobe
Premiere and Adobe Photoshop together
only cost you four hundred and eighty
dollars a year there was a joke in my
script about this but let's be honest
that's a big enough joke for me the
thieving prick
oh my god I'm so good at green screens
the green screens you can be literally
anywhere here are some possible examples
[Music]
when searching for green screens many
will be tempted by these there's muslin
ones
honestly I recommend ones that are
easily collapsible because they're
simpler to use and don't need to be
[__] ironed five more hours and we
can film over all green screens never
work so I never use them
[Music]
I work at Veselka TV I work with humans
because I pity them but I did as you
said okay we have a question up is not
John can I see your have a challenge is
not saying it streaming is the perfect
option for anyone willing to make a
living strategically auctioning off
details of their home life to people
that they've never met I don't know what
a semicolon is eventually you may want
to hire someone because being a writer
editor producer director marketer set
designer cinematographer voice actor
sound technician painter streamer
hypothetical intermediate form in the
evolutionary series of anthropoid
ancestors the anatomically modern humans
becomes a little taxing so go to your
emails find the first perfect stranger
you find soliciting themselves to you
without any credentials and give them
unbridled access to the entirety of your
business critical files you say a scam I
say they're too edgy for Google Mail to
handle really though just hire someone
without any talents they can't
unwittingly upstage you here try to try
this YouTube as a medium is allowing
people with to become entertainers
without the need for managers marketing
agents or networks telling them what
they can and can't do
behind all the negativity we hear about
there are people on YouTube right now
producing exactly what they want to make
in a time where entertainment is
becoming more and more cautious or
synthetic truthful and genuine
performances are starting to thrive the
best thing you can do right now as
someone looking to succeed is find a
youtuber that you admire someone who
speaks to you as a person they could be
making movies short films comedy
sketches possibly even redefining genres
find as many of these people as you can
and plagiarize the [__] out of them
I'm up is not jump and this was my
master class I really need to hire a new
writer today's video was sponsored by
expressvpn that work good now I think
would have been saying to me that VPNs
aren't worth it but I'm gonna prove to
you unequivocally which is a word that
they are before Christmas I was using
expressvpn to binge watch Frasier on us
Netflix to the point in which I think I
was becoming him hello but we are so but
men and true at attentive to our duty my
dinosaur leggings are making me a bit
peculiar you see if you use express beep
here you can connect to a huge number of
different servers around the world on
your phone or laptop you can then watch
that country's version of Netflix or any
other video provider that you want to
watch here are a list of shows that you
can get if you're connected to Express
VPNs UK servers you can't get these in
the US and I've seen all these shows and
they are amazing Archer Rick and Morty
Black Adder Fargo the show Brooklyn
nine-nine which is the best program ever
made line-of-duty Peep Show Hannibal
which is my other favorite show with
someone just look at me the way will
looks at Hannibal as well as this with
one click and expressvpn I can set
myself to the u.s. server and what shows
that you can only get on u.s. Netflix
Frasier isn't currently on the u.s.
Netflix but I can watch The Walking Dead
Parks and Recreation new girl the
American version of The Office sooo if
you like the sound of having a huge new
list of shows to watch you can get it
now by going to expressvpn calm /up is
not jump or just use the link in the
description which will take you there
once you've done that if you select 12
months you'll get 3 months free and
there's a 30-day money-back guarantee
and now to complete my Frasier
impression he remains a Dee
[Music]
[Laughter]